# EdgeSummary

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**FeatureCapabilities** | [***FeatureCapabilities**](featureCapabilities.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EdgeType** | **string** | NSX Edge type, whether &#x27;gatewayServices&#x27; or &#x27;distributedRouter&#x27;. | [optional] [default to null]
**LogicalRouterScopes** | [***LogicalRouterScopes**](LogicalRouterScopes.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**RecentJobInfo** | [***EdgeJob**](edgeJob.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**HypervisorAssist** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EdgeAssistId** | **int64** | ID generated by NSX Manager for Distributed Logical Router only. | [optional] [default to null]
**EdgeStatus** | **string** | NSX Edge appliance health status identified by GREY (unknown status), GREEN (health checks are successful), YELLOW (intermittent health check failure), RED (none of the appliances are in serving state). If health check fails for 5 consecutive times for all appliance (2 for HA else 1) then status will turn from YELLOW to RED. | [optional] [default to null]
**EdgeAssistInstanceName** | **string** | Name derived by NSX Manager only for Distributed Logical Router. | [optional] [default to null]
**ObjectId** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**NodeId** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | NSX Edge ID. | [optional] [default to null]
**DatacenterName** | **string** | Datacenter name where the NSX Edge is deployed. | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | Deployment state of the NSX Edge appliance. Values are &#x27;deployed&#x27; when VMs have been deployed, &#x27;undeployed&#x27; when no VMs are deployed and &#x27;active&#x27; when Edge type is Distributed Logical Router and has no appliance deployed but is serving data path. | [optional] [default to null]
**ClientHandle** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Scope** | [***ScopeInfo**](ScopeInfo.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | [***ObjectType**](ObjectType.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Revision** | **int64** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**VsmUuid** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ExtendedAttributes** | [**[]ExtendedAttribute**](ExtendedAttribute.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**LocalEgressEnabled** | **bool** | Value is true if local egress is enabled for UDLR traffic. Applicable only for Universal Distributed Logical Router. | [optional] [default to null]
**UniversalRevision** | **int64** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**AllowedActions** | **[]string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ObjectTypeName** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**IsUpgradeAvailable** | **bool** | Value is true if NSX Edge upgrade is available. | [optional] [default to null]
**IsUniversal** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**LrouterUuid** | **string** | Distributed Logical Router UUID provided by the NSX Controller. | [optional] [default to null]
**AppliancesSummary** | [***AppliancesSummary**](appliancesSummary.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ApiVersion** | **string** | REST API version applicable for the NSX Edge. | [optional] [default to null]
**TenantId** | **string** | Tenant ID for the NSX Edge. | [optional] [default to null]
**DatacenterMoid** | **string** | vCenter MOID of the datacenter where the NSX Edge is deployed. | [optional] [default to null]
**NumberOfConnectedVnics** | **int32** | Number of connected vnics that are configured on the NSX Edge. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

